State that registerContentScripts() throws if the specified ID exists already (#33624)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/add-ons/webextensions/api/scripting/registercontentscripts/index.md

### Return value

> A [`Promise`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that fulfills with an array of {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.RegisteredContentScript")}}. If there are errors during script parsing and file validation, or if the IDs specified exist already, no scripts are registered and the promise is rejected.

Reviewer: @willdurand I think the original statement is ambiguous. Would these be correct assumptions:
1) a script that doesn't parse or pass file validation isn't register - or is "parsing and file validation" one test?
2) any scripts that parse, are validated, and have unused IDs are registered

So:
```suggestion
A [`Promise`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise) that fulfills with an array of {{WebExtAPIRef("scripting.RegisteredContentScript")}}. Only scripts that parse, pass file validation, and have an ID that does not exist are registered. If all the scripts fail to parse, fail file validation, and use existing IDs, no scripts are registered and the promise is rejected.
```

Author: I think the entire process is terminated, if a single files fails.

Reviewer 2: What John said.
